Problem Definition
Scenario
You are expected to complete missions according to input files and produce an output file. The
information about cities is in the text file which is dests.txt. In this file, you are given several cities
as possible destination points for your simulations. In each city you are given, there exists a cargo
station. In a station, there are cargo packages to be delivered to destinations and cargo trucks
to transport these cargo packages. In our scenario, cargo packages are picked up and dropped off
according to the stack principle which is last-in-first-out. The initial status of cargo packages in
each city is given in packages.txt. A cargo truck garage keeps the cargo trucks in the station. In
our scenario, cargo truck garages are modeled as queue principle which is first-in-first-out. When
asked for a truck, they should retrieve the first truck inside the garage. The initial configuration
of truck garages in each city is given in trucks.txt. The cargo truck and the packages it carries
are modeled as a double-linked list. Keep in mind that cargo truck class extends packages class.
Therefore, you will have doubly linked lists of packages as your carriage. The missions are given
in mission.txt.
A misson has the following format: A-B-C-x-y-z1,z2,...
• A: Starting station
• B: Midway station
Page 2 of 7
Fall 2020
BBM 203: Data Structures Lab.
• C: Target station
• x: Number of cargo packages you take from the starting station
• y: Number of cargo packages you take from the midway station
• z: Indices of cargo packages you must leave at the midway station. Indices start from 0.
A complete mission requires you to complete the following procedure:
1. Assemble a cargo truck at the starting city, A. Since a cargo truck is modeled as a doubly
linked list of cargo packages, you need to start with the first truck you have in the truck
garage and insert it into the head of your list. Afterwards, you need to insert x packages at
city A to this list.
2. Append y packages from the midway station, B, to your list.
3. Leave packages z1, z2... at midway station.
4. When disbanding the cargo packages, put the truck into the truck garage and packages at
C.